http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACreole_mustard - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creole_mustard
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AIndian_spice - http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Indian_spices
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AWater - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGreen_grape - http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%A9millon
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AEgg_yolk - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egg_yolk
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ATaco_sauce - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salsa_(sauce)
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AParma_ham - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosciutto

http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AStrozzapreti - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strozzapreti
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ARabbit - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APoppy_seed - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poppy_seed
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AEpoisses - http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89poisses_de_Bourgogne
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APesto - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pesto
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ADandelion - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taraxacum
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AZinfandel - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinfandel
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AWhite_wine - http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_wine
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AHalf-2Dand-2Dhalf - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_and_half
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APlum_tomato - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_tomato
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGrapefruit - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grapefruit
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AAvocado_oil - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avocado_oil
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGreen_bean - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_bean
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ANon-2Ddairy_cream - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-dairy_creamer
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APowdered_milk - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powdered_milk
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGoat_cheese - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goat_cheese
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AHarissa - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harissa
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AAngostura_bitter - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angostura_bitters
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACurcuma - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turmeric
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APalm_sugar - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_sugar
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AOnion - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onion
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APasta_filata - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasta_filata
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ALima_bean - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaseolus_lunatus
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ANut - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nut_(fruit)
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGrape_tomato - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grape_tomato
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APanko - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread_crumbs
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ASour_milk - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soured_milk
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ASparkling_water - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbonated_water
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ATextured_soy_protein - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textured_vegetable_protein
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGrenadine - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenadine
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AThai_basil - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_basil
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AWhite_flour - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flour
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ADom_perignon - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dom_P%C3%A9rignon_(wine)
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AKasseri - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasseri

http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AItalian_dressing - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_dressing
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ARaclette - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raclette
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ASemolina_flour - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semolina
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABeurre_manie - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beurre_mani%C3%A9
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGolden_delicious_apple - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Delicious
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AMiso - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miso
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGinger - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Ginger
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABuckwheat - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckwheat
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABleu_de_bresse - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleu_de_Bresse
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ANutmeg - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutmeg
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AMaroilles - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maroilles_cheese
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ALime - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_(fruit)
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACooking_oil - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooking_oil
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACoconut_oil - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut_oil
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ADrum - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciaenidae
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AOstrich - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrich_meat
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AAndouillette - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andouillette
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AFourme_d-27ambert - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourme_d'Ambert
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGinger_ale - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_ale
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACandy - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AWinter_squash - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_squash
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABoursin - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boursin_cheese
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACotechino - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotechino
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APancetta - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancetta
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ASuet - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suet
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AYam - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yam_(vegetable)
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AClove - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clove
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AClam_juice - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clam_sauce
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACilantro - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eryngium_foetidum
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABintje_potato - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bintje
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ARaw_sugar - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_sugar
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AMiracle_whip - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Whip
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AMustard - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Mustard
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AWhole_milk - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACaviar - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caviar
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGinger - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AHoney - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AOrzo - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orzo_(pasta)
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACoconut_milk - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut_milk
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABacon - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacon
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AInstant_coffee - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_coffee
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AFuji_apple - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuji_(apple)
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AChaource_cheese - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaource_cheese
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AAmaretti - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaretti_di_Saronno
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APotato_starch - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potato_starch
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ASherry_vinegar - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherry_vinegar
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ANatto - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natt%C5%8D
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ASalsa - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salsa_(sauce)
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACornish_game_hen - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornish_game_hen
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AShrimp - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrimp
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABlue_crab - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callinectes_sapidus
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AColby - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colby_cheese
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AVermicelli - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermicelli
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACassava - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassava
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APort - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_wine
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AConverted_rice - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parboiled_rice
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGranny_smith_apple - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granny_Smith
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AAnise_liqueur - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Anise_liqueurs_and_spirits
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ASoy_sauce - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soy_sauce
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABaked_good - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Baked_goods
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AMelon - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskmelon
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABok_choy - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_cabbage
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AMarsala - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsala_wine
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AHaddock - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddock
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AGemelli - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemelli_(pasta)
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AChocolate_cookie - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_chip_cookie
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ASpam - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spam
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AKumquat - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumquat
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACorn_chip - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corn_chip
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACheesecake - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheesecake
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3APork_back_rib - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pork_ribs
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACremini_mushroom - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimini_mushroom
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACoconut_cream - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut_cream
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ADate - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_dactylifera
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3AVitamin_c - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitamin_C
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABagel - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagel
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABoudin_rouge - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boudin
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ABaguette - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baguette
http://wikitaaable.loria.fr/index.php/Special:URIResolver/Category-3ACorned_beef - http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corned_beef
